Hey, guys.
In this video, we're going to look at text shadows.
And this is another thing that I personally don't use that much.
Just like we can add shadows to elements, we can also add them to text.
So let's create a new file in our sandbox called zero five.
Underscore text, underscore shadows html.
Okay, we'll go ahead and put our boilerplate in and I'm just going to close up the sidebar.
Let's say text shadows put in our style.
And what I'm going to do here is just I'm just going to have four different age ones.
So we're going to say h one.
And inside the content, let's say welcome to my course.
And I just want to add actually let's do this two times four and I want to add a class, a different
class to each one.
So let's say Class A.
Class B.
Oops.
Class C and class D.
So we have these different classes on each H one because I want to give you a different example for
each one.
Now I'm going to do just a core styling here of font family and let's do Ariel.
And then let's make the font size pretty big.
So we'll do font size, let's do five REM and we'll go ahead and open that up.
And actually, it's do a little bit smaller for REM good.
So let's start off with the first one, which is an H one with a class of A.
And of course, I could just do a, but I just want to I'm changing things up just so you guys remember
that you can do this, know you can do just a or you can target the H one with the class of a.
So let me just paste this in just like with Box Shadow, we have a couple of different values, so we
have the H shadow, which is horizontal shadow and the vertical or V shadow and the color.
So let's go ahead and add to this first one text dash shadow and I'm going to use REM units.
I'm just going to do 0.2 REM eight shadow.
Let's do point to REM V shadow and for color I'm going to use steel blue.
So let's save that, see what it looks like.
So as you can see, the the horizontal shadow basically is this way.
Vertical shadow is going down, it's going this way.
So it kind of comes off diagonal this way.
Now, just like with Box Shadow, we can also have a blur.
So let's do an H one, let's do h one, B.
So we're now targeting the B class, which is the second one here, and let's paste this in here.
So it's actually blur and then color, and I'm going to copy what we already have up here and paste
this in.
So let's do.
Let's do for REM.
We'll do for REM three REM for the V shadow and then for the blur.
Let's do we'll do 0.7 REM and we'll keep still blue.
So let's save that.
And now you can see that we have the the blur effect and you can use pixels if you want.
It doesn't have to be REM units, but that gives kind of a different look.
So next thing I want to do is white text.
So let's do H one dot C.
And let's do white text.
So basically what we're doing is setting the color to white.
If I save that, it's going to just completely disappear.
But what we can do is add the shadow so that we can actually make out the text.
So we'll do 20.2 REM.
0.2 REM.
Let's do one REM for the Blur and let's do Steel Blue and save.
And it's going to look like that.
So we get some pretty cool text effects here.
Again, not something that I really use that much, but it's good to know.
So for the last one here, I want to show you that we can use negative values.
So I'm just going to copy this.
Let's grab this one here.
And instead of it coming this way, I want it to go up.
I want it to go this way so we could add a negative value for the H shadow and the V shadow and we'll
save.
And now you can see that the blur is is up here rather than down here.
Okay.
So that's about it, guys.
We probably won't use this this tech shadow again.
I just wanted to include it in the course in case you like it and you want to use it maybe in, like
a showcase area or something like that.
All right.
So I will see you in the next video.